Equipment: There is a virtual game board, virtual cards mandating actions, a virtual spinner with numbers 1-9, four virtual playing pieces, and four virtual bank accounts for players that track their money, life, love, and education points.
Game board: The game board is divided into four sections, each one emphasizing a different aspect of life and a different category to collect points in. Each section features a main loop with forks for extended loops, with each main loop connecting to the center loop, allowing for travel between sections. Sections may feature special spaces that provide certain benefits to a player that lands on or passes that space. Every time a player lands on a space in a given section, after executing any special actions that space requires or allows, that player will draw a card mandating further actions (e.g. add 100 life points for taking a trip to Florida).
Playing the Game: The number of years (turns) the game is going to last is determined in advance and entered before play begins. Players then choose a quadrant to begin playing and start on their respective start spaces. Everyone starts with the same base level salary. On their turn, a player spins and advances that many spaces. If they encounter a "fork" space that allows for a choice of spaces after it, the player will choose which loop they wish to advance on. A player's salary is automatically added to their bank account on each spin. Upon landing on a space, any relevant special instructions are presented to that player and automatically executed. Next, the player draws a card. Which stack they draw from is dependent on which quadrant of the board they are currently sitting in. After executing the directions on the card, play passes to the next player.
Special rules: As the game progresses, points other than a player's salary may be added each turn. For instance, if a player gets married or has children in the course of the game, love points are added to their account each turn after the marriage or birth. Life points are added each turn if a house or car is purchased and education points are added if degrees are acquired. Salaries adjust if promotion spaces are passed or promotion/demotion cards are drawn. 